Falsehood
Falsehood is never in words; it is in things.

Wonders
You take delight not in a city's seven or seventy wonders, but in the answer it gives to a question of yours.

Unpossessed Places
Arriving at each new city, the traveler finds again a past of his that he did not know he had: the foreignness of what you no longer are or no longer possess lies in wait for you in foreign, unpossessed places.

Never
There is still one of which you never speak.

Elsewhere
Elsewhere is a negative mirror. The traveler recognizes the little that is his, discovering the much he has not had and will never have.

Future
Futures not achieved are only branches of the past: dead branches.

City
“Cities, like dreams, are made of desires and fears, even if the thread of their discourse is secret, their rules are absurd, their perspectives deceitful, and everything conceals something else.”

Why
“The inferno of the living is not something that will be; if there is one, it is what is already here, the inferno where we live every day, that we form by being together. There are two ways to escape suffering it. The first is easy for many: accept the inferno and become such a part of it that you can no longer see it. The second is risky and demands constant vigilance and apprehension: seek and learn to recognize who and what, in the midst of inferno, are not inferno, then make them endure, give them space.” ― Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities

Journey
Living in today’s metropolitan cities, such as Jakarta and Beijing, is like living in a splendid desert under starry night. People are overwhelmed by the endless hidden possibilities that their desires all waken at once, but soon they begin to feel helpless facing the vast wilderness unarmed. The daily battle of reclaiming spatial rights is everywhere. Roads are taken by cars whereas parks are designated as parking lots; sidewalks are either filled with sharing bicycles or cut off by sporadic tree holes; local cafes and bookstores are being replaced by expensive restaurants. In the city, the places where you are welcomed to linger around without spending money are all tainted by unwelcoming and exclusive environment.

Deceit
There is no language without deceit.